Add IST0158 message description (#12744)
istio/istio.io: content/en/docs/reference/config/analysis/ist0158/index.md

---
title: PodsIstioProxyImageMismatchInNamespace
layout: analysis-message
owner: istio/wg-user-experience-maintainers
test: n/a
---

This message is similar to [IST0105](/docs/reference/config/analysis/ist0105/), which is a warning message for a single pod.

This message occurs when the namespace is enabled for automatic sidecar injection, but some pods in the namespace are not having the correct sidecar injected.

> There are several possible causes for the pod:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are several possible causes for this:
```

Author: I just copy&paste some of the descriptions from the `IST0105` message, will revise some of the descriptions a little bit

> * Automatic sidecar injection is enabled (default enabled unless explicitly

Reviewer: not sure how this is a cause for the warning message?

Author: Will revise to make situations more clear

  disabled during installation.)
* The pod is running in a namespace where sidecar injection is enabled (the
  namespace has the label `istio-injection=enabled`)
* The proxy version running on the sidecar does not match the version used by
  the auto-injector

> This often results after upgrading the Istio control plane; after upgrading

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This often happens as a result of upgrading the Istio control plane; after upgrading
```

Author: Fixed
